So as noted in laravel documentation, Eloquent models fire several events, allowing you to hook into
the following points in a model's life cycle:  `retrieved` event will fire when an existing model is retrieved
from the database.
`creating` and `created` will fire when a new model
is saved from the first time
`updating` and `updated` will fire when
an existing model is updated.
`saving` and `saved` will fire for both cases
save new model or update the existing model.
`deleting` and `deleted` will fire when an existing model
is deleted. And lastly `restoring` and `restored`
will fire when a model restored from the trash.
So now let's open
answer model.
And here we need to define boot method like this.
inside this method we firstly need to call
the parent boot method like this.
And here let's say we want to execute a code when an answer is created.
We can do that like this static double colons created
this method receives a closure as argument.
And in closure we can specify an argument
to represent the current model instance.
So here we can call answer
and here that's echoing a message for a while.
Here I'll say
"answer created" and here I also add `\n`
to add newline after message printed
here
let's also define saved so you can see
the difference with the created
and here I'll say
Answer
saved.
Save the changes and now I'll switch to my terminal and re-open the thinker
because an answer cannot stand alone
So here I'll get the first question
now
I'll create an answer for this first question by saying
Q answers
and save because this time I want to make only one question.
Inside of this method I can generate
fake answer by calling factory
pass in the class name
and specify the number one in this case and end with make. Hit
return.
I got error
argument 1 passed to blah blah blah
must be instance of eloquent model.
Actually I don't need this number so that factory will return instance of model instead of collection
hit return.
Ok now it's working
and as you can see here I have message
"answer created" and "answer saved".
Now I'll find the latest answer by saying app
Answer
find here I see the ID is 22.
So here I'll enter the id here.
Then I'll assign it to a variable.
Now here let's say I want to change the votes_count to 7
and then I'll call save method.
As you can see here I get message "answer saved".
So as I said that the saving and saved will be fired
whenever new model created or an existing model
updated.
OK
now let's go back to answers model and here
we don't need this `saved` in this case.
So just remove it
and inside this we can increment the
answers count's value of the questions table by saying
Answer question
increment
answers count
and then we need to call answer question save
to save the changes to our database.
Next let's open question factory
and here we don't need to fill these answers
count. Save all changes.
And now let's go back to our terminal. Here
let's reset our database and run database seed by calling:
php artisan migrate:fresh --seed
Now let me go back to phpmyadmin
I'll open the questions table
for example here
The first question or question with id one has 4 answers and the second question or the question which
has id 2 has 3 answers.
Now let me open answers table
and here you can see that the number for the question 1 is 4.
And the answer for question 2 has 3 answers.
All right so now that we have answers table inserted
with some fake answers and we will finally
displaying them in the question detail in the next lesson.
So join me there.